What's new in v3.0, v3.1 and v3.2 (#682)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/performance/1-faster-grid-and-dashboard.md

# Faster grid and dashboard
::: meta-data eeOnly="false" since-version="3.0"

> The product grid is the most used screen by our dear Julias. This crucial screen will now be able to scale to more categories, more products and product data. The product grid now loads in less than 2 seconds with 1,000,000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product grid is the most used screen in the PIM. In 3.0, we wanted to make sure that it has great performances: the product grid now loads in less than 2 seconds with 1,000,000 products and 20,000 categories. 
```

> products and 20,000 categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
